Key notes: http://www.homeoint.org/books4/guernsey/index.htm
Hering	 : http://www.homeoint.org/hering/u/urt-u-kn2.htm
Nash: http://www.homeoint.org/books2/nashtherap/mmh21.htm
JUSTICIA ADHATODA: https://plankhomeopathy.com/blog/justicia/
http://www.homeoint.org/books3/kentmm/nux-m.htm
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7066598/

http://www.homeoint.org/books2/nashtherap/index.htm
https://iocdf.org/expert-opinions/over-the-counter-supplements-in-the-treatment-of-ocd/
http://www.homeoint.org/hering/c/cocc-kn2.htm
https://www.homeobook.com/homoeopathy-for-prickly-heat/
http://www.homeoint.org/seror/nosodes/ustilago.htm

For OCD: L-Theanine and Calming Neurotransmitters , Milk Thistle, Glycine and The OCD Brain ,N-Acetylcysteine (NAC) ,Valeriana officinalis L, B12
Glutamatergic Interventions in OCD | Here, Dr. Jeffrey Strawn ...
Facebook · Neuroscience Education Institute

Kreosotum:
	
	Severe headache before and during menses.

	PREGNANCY. PARTURITION. LACTATION. [24] [Kreos.]
	During pregnancy ; nausea and vomiting ; ptyalism ; vomiting of sweetish water before breakfast ; vomiting after supper ; metrorrhagia threatening abortion (third month) ; leucorrhœa ; tightness across pit of stomach.
	Lochia : blackish, lumpy, very offensive ; excoriating ; almost ceasing, freshen up again, persistent, brown and offensive.
	Chill, then general heat, finally sweat ; pulse soft and quick ; trembling, anxiety, confusion of mind, weakness of memory, thinks herself well ; lochia dark, lumpy and very offensive ; vagina moist, not very hot ; abdomen soft and sensitive ; constipation. θ Puerperal fever.
	Mamma : stitches ; dwindling away ; small, hard, painful lumps in them ; hard, bluish red and covered with little scurfy protuberances, from which blood oozes whenever scurf is removed.

	Subjective putrid smell with loss of appetite ; in morning, on awaking.
	Nosebleed : with heaviness and throbbing in forehead, sleepiness ; thin, bright red blood.
	Frequent sneezing : especially in morning ; with stoppage of nose ; rough and scraping sensation in throat ; with dry, nasal catarrh.
	Nasal secretion thick.
	Catarrh fluent or dry, with much sneezing.
	Chronic catarrh with old people.
	Epithelial cancer on right ala nasi.
	Lupus on nose ; left side.

	Gangrene of lungs.
	Chronic swelling of eyelids and their margins ; agglutination of lids.
	NERVES. [36] [Kreos.]
	General weakness and prostration ; great debility.
	Faintness in morning, when rising earlier than usual.
	Fatigue from least exertion.
	Weariness, as if from too long a foot journey.
	Prostration, with sleeplessness.
	Great restlessness and excitation of whole body, < in repose than during motion.
	Spasms during dentition ; swelling over a tooth not quite through.
	Child moans constantly, or dozes with half open eyes, or is cross and sleepless ; during dentition.
	Very severe, old, neuralgic affections, with tearing pain.
	Perfect depression of trophic nervous system.
	
	SLEEP. [37] [Kreos.]
	Great drowsiness, with frequent yawning.
	Sleeplessness, < before midnight.
	Will only sleep when caressed and fondled.
	Tosses about all night, without any apparent cause.
	Starting, when scarcely fallen asleep.
	Laughs aloud during sleep.
	Dreams : of crying ; of falling from a height ; of being out in a snow storm ; of being poisoned ; of bright fire ; of very dirty (clothes) wash ; that he is urinating, and awakes to find the dream a reality.
	Very difficult to waken child out of sleep. θ Enuresis.
	Generally better after sleep.


Acid Sulph:
	Violent Hiccoughs, mama
	Extreme weakness, with sense of internal trembling, which is not observable to others.
	
	Hæmorrhages from every outlet of the body, with ecchymosed spots under the skin.
	
	Child smells sour all over, despite. the actual cleanliness. Sour, acid vomiting.
	
	Adapted to the light haired, old people, especially women; flushes of heat in climacteric years.
	
	Aphthæ, of mouth, gums, or entire buccal cavity, gums bleed readily; ulcers painful; offensive breath. Bad effects from mechanical injuries, with bruises, chafing and livid skin; prostration.
	
	Sensation as if the brain was loose in forehead and falling from side to side (Bell., Bry., Rhus, Spig.). Often very useful in the stomach troubles of old whiskey topers.
	
	* * * * *
	
	Sulphuric acid is another remedy of value in aphthous affections of the mouth. It is particularly efficacious in greatly debilitated subjects, and in children with marasmus with this kind of mouth. There is often present sour stomach (Iris versicol. and Robinia, sour eructations and vomiting) with sour, vomiting, and the child smells sour all over despite the greatest care in regard to cleanliness (Rheum, Hepar and Magnesia). One of the strongest characteristics, perhaps the strongest, in weakened subjects in which this is the appropriate remedy, is a sense of internal trembling. This is a subjective symptom, for, notwithstanding this positive sensation, to a degree that is very distressing, there is no visible trembling. This symptom is frequently found in old topers (see Ranunculus bulb.), who are broken down or almost wrecked in health by strong drink. The symptom, however, is not confined to such subjects, but is often found in other cases when the debility is traceable to other causes; when markedly present from whatever cause. Sulphuric acid should never be forgotten. We have already spoken of the value of this remedy in 
	purpura hæmorrhagica. Like Crotalus, it has hæmorrhages from every outlet of the body (Acetic acid, Thlaspi), and the blood also settles in ecchymosed spots under the skin. This last symptom would indicate that Sulphuric acid might be useful in 
	black and blue spots in the skin, as the result of bruising, and practice corroborates it, and it follows well after Arnica. Ledum palustre is also one of our best remedies for ecchymosis from bruises, "black eye," for instance; this is, of course, for bruises under the skin; While Ruta is just as efficacious for bruises of the periosteum. There is enough of the Sulphur element so that it may succeed in "flushes" of heat, after Sulphur has failed at the climacteric.

Kali Brom:
	Night terrors of children ; grinding teeth in sleep, moans, cries ; horrible dreams.

	Unconscious of what is occurring around them; cannot recognise, nor be comforted by, their friends.─Memory absolutely destroyed; anæmia; emaciation.─Loss of memory; had to be told the word before he could speak it (amnesic aphasia).─Inability to express oneself.─Writing almost unintelligible from omission of words or parts of words; words repeated or misplaced.─Mentally dull, torpid; perception slow, answers slowly.─Benumbed sensation of brain.
	─Night terrors of children (not from indigestion), with screaming in sleep, trembling, unconsciousness of what is around them; cannot recognise, nor be comforted by, their friends; sometimes followed by squinting.

	Stomach.--Vomiting, with intense thirst, after each meal. Persistent hiccough (Sulph ac).
	Head.--Suicidal mania with tremulousness. Face flushed. Numb feeling in head. Brain-fag. Coryza with tendency to extension into throat.
	Urinary.--Sensibility of urethra diminished. Urine profuse, with thirst. Diabetes (Phos ac).
	Extremities.--Fidgety hands; busy twitching of fingers. Jerking and twitching of muscles.
	Male.--Debility and impotence. Effects of sexual excesses, especially loss of memory, impaired co-ordination, numbness and tingling in limbs. Sexual excitement during partial slumber.
	Skin.--Acne of face, pustules. Itching; worse on chest, shoulders, and face. Anæsthesia of skin. Psoriasis.
	Sleep.--Restless sleep. Extreme drowsiness. Sleeplessness due to worry and grief and sexual excess. Night terrors. 
	Grinding teeth in sleep. Horrible dreams. Somnambulism.
	
	7. Teeth.─Odontitis of children.─Difficult dentition of children.─Vomiting and diarrhœa of teething children.

Lyssin. (Lyssinum.) (Hydrophobinum.)
MIND. [1] [Lyss.]
	Memory for single words much improved.
	Strange notions and apprehensions during pregnancy.
	Mania spermatica ; stallions.
	Inclination to be rude and abusive, to bite and strike. θ Diarrhœa.
	Break out of their stables furiously and run or jump over ditches and fences. θ Lyssa of sheep.
	No afraid of dogs, but dislikes to see them because their sight renews her fear. θ Lyssophobia.
	Exhilarated, felt as if he had received joyful intelligence.
	Lyssophobia ; fear of becoming mad.
	Feels he cannot physically endure his fears much longer, and shall be compelled to go into an insane asylum. θ Lyssophobia.
	Mary M., æt. 17, had been bitten several years previously by a dog, and reading of several cases of hydrophobia as reported in papers, was found in following condition : crouched in corner of a sofa, dark red bloated face, expression of terror in face, eyes glistening, conjunctiva injected red ; was brought into this condition by endeavoring to take a drink of water, and could not hear water mentioned without a shudder of fear, could not swallow, pulse very high, tongue dry and coated red ; Lyssin 2c one dose ; she was better next day, but had several slight attacks afterwards, always induced by running of water, but always yielding to remedy ; has not had an attack in nearly a year.
	A musician received a bite from a small pet dog in calf of left leg while walking through a dark entry ; the bite was very slight, scarcely wounding skin ; the animal was in a healthy condition and remained so ; a pain in bitten place kept returning from time to time independently of mind dwelling on it, until finally it grew to a burning which extended through entire body, causing an indescribably strange sensation ; in night trembling, and a tormenting fear that he would have hydrophobia ; was thirsty and drank water freely ; it was two years after the bite when these and the following symptoms appeared : frequent spitting of saliva all through day, only ceasing awhile after taking strong tea in evening ; disturbed dreams at night ; finally could not partake of food or drink, and complained of pricking stitches under tongue ; mental excitement now as all his life, affects him badly ; hot vapor relieved burning pain in bite, and Lyssin 2c (Jenichen) improved all symptoms rapidly ; in three weeks he considered himself cured, and started on a journey.
	Ill humor. θ Headache. θ Diarrhœa.
	Felt same rheumatic pain his brother complained of. θ Lyssophobia.
	Restless, constant bleating in a hoarse voice. θ Lyssa of sheep.
	Sometimes he could control inclination to stool by a strong effort of will, but effort caused much nervous irritation. θ Chronic camp diarrhœa.
	Attacks of nervous headache become awful and insupportable if he hears water run out of a hydrant.
	When he hears water poured out, or if he hears it run, or if he sees it, he becomes very irritable, nervous ; it causes desire for stool and other ailments.
	Mental emotion always makes him worse.
	Frequent gaping without being sleepy, most when he has to listen to others.
	
	PREGNANCY. PARTURITION. LACTATION. [24] [Lyss.]
	During pregnancy ; strange notions, desires or cravings ; rush of blood from chest upward ; toothache, backache and other complaints ; great sense of bearing down ; intense pain from inflammation of os and cervix (formerly treated with Caustic.) ; great soreness in lower part of back and bowels.
	All changes of position that tilt or rotate to a moderate extent the os uteri cause much pain. θ During pregnancy.
	Spasms excited whenever she attempts to drink water, or if she hears it poured from one vessel into another ; sight or sound of water affects unpleasantly, even though desiring water. θ Puerperal convulsions.
	Since childbirth more pain with coition and a dislike to it. θ Subjective prolapsus.
	Since cessation of lochia a severe leucorrhœa ; pain in back and lower part of bowels ; soreness of vagina.

CARBO ANIMALIS:

	Is another remedy whose great general characteristic is:
		Great weakness, want of energy, prostration. The subjects of it are often disposed to glandular swellings, indurations and suppurations.
	Benignant suppurations are inclined to become ichorous. The swellings to become schirrous in character.
	The swellings seem to have a choice for the axillary, inguinal or mammary regions. Then the sexual organs come markedly under its influence. Old suppurating, bluish colored (Lach., Tarant. Cub.), offensive bubœs. Menses too early and too long. Menorrhagia from chronic induration of the uterus; also in cachectic women with glandular swellings.
	The flow always weakens so that she call hardly speak.
	Mammary tumors in hard nodules in the breast.
	Copper colored eruptions on the skin.
	Weak ankles in children (Nat. c., Sil.).
	Easily sprained from lifting (Calc. ost.).

AURUM MURIATICUM NATRONATUM:

	When writing of Aurum metallicum we might have said something of this combination as a remedy for jaundice or liver troubles. Several years ago I was troubled with frequent attacks of derangement of the liver characterized by, first, a white fæcal stool for several days in succession, with dullness of the head, bad tasting mouth, coated tongue, fullness and pain in right side and shoulder, and jaundiced skin. This would either culminate in an attack of bilious vomiting and diarrhœa, or in fæcal stools as black as tar, for several days in succession, with gradual relief of the general bilious symptoms. I tried various remedies, as well as I was able to choose them, among which were Mercurius, Leptandra, Podophyllum, Lycopodium and others, with nothing more than temporary relief, and sometimes not even that. 

	While on a visit to New York City, I called upon Dr. M. Baruch, partly to see the man who had been reported to me as both very skillful as a prescriber and eccentric as a man. During my call I stated to him my case. He prescribed for me a dose of Aurum muriaticum natronatum 1000th, followed by a powder each of Veronica officinalis 500th, 200th and 30th, and directed me to take them in the order named once in sixty hours and said: "In three months you will be well." I took the powders as directed and have never been troubled in that way since. Since then I have prescribed the Aurum muriaticum natronatum for some obstinate cases of jaundice, with the alternating white and black stools, and have been successful in relieving them.

Cyclamen:
	 Sleepiness, moroseness, and lassitude. Cough at night while asleep without waking, especially in children (Cham; Nitr ac).
	Eyes.--Dim vision, worse on waking, with spots before eyes. Flickering of various colors. Convergent strabismus. Sees countless stars. Diplopia. Disturbance of vision, associated with gastric disturbances.
	Stomach.--Salty taste; hiccough-like eructation worse, fat food. Diarrhœa after every cup of coffee; hiccough. Satiety after a few mouthfuls. Disgust for meat, especially pork. Desire for lemonade. No thirst all day.
	Rectum.--Pain about anus and perineum, as if a spot were suppurating, when walking or sitting.

	Female.--Menses profuse, black, membranous, clotted, too early, with labor-like pains from back to pubes. Flow less when moving about. Menstrual irregularities with megrim and blindness, or fiery spots before eyes. Hiccough during pregnancy. Post-partum hæmorrhage, with colicky bearing-down pains, with relief after gush of blood. After menses, swelling of breasts, with milky secretion.

	Extremities.--Pains in parts where bones lie near surface. Burning, sore pain in heels. Cramp-like contraction of right thumb and index finger. Pains in periosteum. Chilblains.	
		
	1. Mind.─Taciturn, depressed, out of humour.
	─Sudden change of sadness and cheerfulness.
	─Weakness of memory.─Secret vexation and troubled conscience.─Ill-humour and slovenliness, with dislike to conversation, by fits.─Love of labour, alternately with indolence.─Memory alternately quick and weak.─Dulness and confusion of mind, with unfitness for every kind of labour.─Hallucination as if two persons lay in her bed, and that the body of the other overlapped hers by half.
		
	
Secale Cornutum:
	Retainted placenta.

Merc Dulcis:
	Highly useful for the treatment of soreness in the anus region 
	
	Beneficial remedy for infections of mucous membranes with blocked ears due to ear wax
	Cures swelling of cheeks, glands and lower jaw exfoliation is treated with Mercurius 
	An excellent remedy for the treatment of diarrhoea in children 
	Helps in the treatment of catarrhal infections of eyes and throat 
	It can also be used for the treatment of prostatitis in older people 

	Catarrhal inflammation of the Eustachian tube and middle ear. (Kali mur.)

Aurum:
	No drug produces a more acute depression than Aurum. The Aurum state is one of hopelessness that makes the patient oblivious to everything around them. Aurums are full of melancholy, long for death and show a tendency towards suicide.
	
	The Aurum patient has overinvested in something in their life — job, love, business, religion; or, given their all and lost.
	And, so as a result, the Aurum patient sits wrapped in deep thought, numbed and not able to respond to their surroundings. They notice nothing.
	
	In the Aurum state, the spirit is so depressed that there is a loss of enjoyment in everything. Aurums believe they have greatly neglected their duty and friends. They feel themselves unworthy of salivation and all these thoughts are uncontrollable, and also constantly preoccupying their minds. Aurum sits and broods over these imaginings saying nothing, and as the brooding intensifies, new grievances are born.

Veratrum Album:
	Veratrum album produces alternating states of brooding, screaming and screeching. 
	The remedy is full of hopelessness, especially despair of recovery. 
	We can see melancholy with the head hanging down. The Veratrum sits brooding in silence and the brooding is pronounced in the evening. The patient may brood, or sulk, over their own state, or over the state of 	the world. They are tired of life and suffer great grief. They are inconsolable over their misfortune — as they sit and brood.


Helonias:
	MIND. [1] [Helon.]
		Great weakness of memory.
		Dull, inactive and gloomy.
		Restless, wants to be continually moving about.
		Desire to be let alone ; conversation is unpleasant.
		Irritable ; cannot endure the least contradiction or receive suggestions in relation to any subject.
		Fault finding.
		Always better when doing something, when the mind is engaged.
		Profound melancholy ; deep, undefined depression of mind.
	
	Female.--Dragging in sacral region, with prolapse, especially after a miscarriage. Pruritus vulvæ. Backache after miscarriage (Kali c). Weight and soreness in womb; conscious of womb. Menses too frequent, too profuse. Leucorrhœa. Breasts swollen, nipples painful and tender. Parts hot, red, swollen; burn and itch terribly. Albuminuria during pregnancy. Debility attending the menopause.

Cocculus:
	1. Mind.─Pre-occupation of mind, and sad and melancholy reflections, as if the patient had sustained wrongs.─He sits as if wrapped in deep sad thoughts, and does not take notice of anything; anxiety.
	─Loss of will and power to decide on any action.
	─Hypochondriacal humour; despair.─Strong, anxious apprehension, inquietude, and fear of death.─Disposition to be frightened.─Excessive susceptibility.─Disposition to take everything in bad part and to be 		angry.─Mania.─Mistakes concerning the lapse of time; it passes too quickly.
	
	Mind.--Capricious. Heavy and stupid. Time passes too quickly; absorbed in reveries. Inclination to sing irresistible. Slow of comprehension. Mind benumbed. Profound sadness. Cannot bear contradiction. Speaks hastily. Very anxious about the health of others.

	Slowness of comprehension ; 
	cannot find the right word ;
	what has passed he cannot remember ; 
	forgets himself, cannot talk plainly, or 
	is irritable, speaks hastily, cannot bear least noise or contradiction.
	Difficulty in understanding what is heard or read and in appreciating the lapse of time.
	Thinks and answers correctly but slowly ; takes a long time in reflecting.
	Distracted ; he easily forgets of what he has just thought.
	Angry and indignant form of delirium. θ Encephalitis.
	Startles very easily.
	Ill effects of anger and grief.

	Weakness of cervical muscles, can hardly hold the head up.
	Weakness in small of back as if paralyzed; gives out when walking; can hardly stand, walk or talk.
	Hands and feet get numb; asleep.
	Headache with nausea and vomiting; gets faint and sick on rising up or riding in carriage or boat.
	General sensation of weakness; or weak, hollow, gone feeling in head, stomach, abdomen, etc.; < by loss of sleep or night watching.
	Great distention with flatulent colic, wind or menstrual colic; crampy pains, inclined to hernia.
	Modalities: < sitting up, moving, riding in carriage or boat, smoking, talking, eating, drinking, night watching; > when lying quiet.

	Hard stool every other day, expelled with great difficulty.
	Spasmodic, flatulent colic about midnight, flatus passed without relief ; belching relieves, < by coughing, pain severest in epigastric, umbilical and right iliac regions.
	Emptiness and sensation of hollowness in abdomen.
	Great distension of abdomen. θ Dysmenorrhœa.
	Painful inclination to a hernia, especially after rising from sitting.
	Protrusion takes place very slowly, as if from a paralytic state of abdominal ring. θ Inguinal hernia.
	Incarcerated hernia ; chill ; cutting and burning in abdomen ; scrotum as large as a man's fist, hot and tense ; pulse full.

	Stiffness of cervical muscles and great weakness. θ Spinal irritation.
	Weakness of cervical muscles, with heaviness of head.
	Stiff pain in cervical muscles on moving neck and on yawning.

	NERVES. [36] [Cocc.]
	Extreme irritability of nervous system, especially of spinal cord. θ Prosopalgia.

	Now, if I were to give the four great characteristic symptoms of this remedy they would be these:
	
	1. Weakness of cervical muscles, with heaviness of head.
	2. Affections caused or < by riding in cars, carriage or boat.
	3. Sensation of weakness, or hollowness in various organs.
	4. Ill effects from loss of sleep, night-watching or over-work. (Causticum Cuprum met., Ignatia, Nitric acid.).

Bromium:
	https://www.herbs2000.com/homeopathy/bromium.htm
	Respiratory.--Whooping cough (Use persistently for about ten days). Dry cough, with hoarseness and burning pain behind sternum. Spasmodic cough, with rattling of mucus in the larynx; suffocative. Hoarseness. Croup after febrile symptoms have subsided. Difficult and painful breathing. Violent cramping of chest. Chest pains run upward. Cold sensation when inspiring. Every inspiration provokes cough. Laryngeal diphtheria, membrane begins in larynx and spreads upward. Spasmodic constriction. Asthma; difficulty in getting air into lung (Chlorum, in expelling). Better at sea, of seafaring men when they come on land. Hypertrophy of heart from gymnastics (Rhus). Fibrinous bronchitis, great dyspnœa. Bronchial tubes feel filled with smoke.

	Mind.--Delusion that strange persons are looking over patient's shoulder and that she would see some one on turning. 
		Quarrelsome.

	An element proven and arranged by Hering and an important remedy in laryngeal affections. Also in scrofulous and tubercular affections of the glands. It is well known to act best on persons with light blue eyes, flaxen hair, light eye-brows, fair, delicate skins, red cheeked scrofulous girls. It will be remembered how almost exactly opposite, so far as temperament is concerned, is Iodine, which is also one of our chief anti-scrofulous remedies. In glandular affections, three remedies that are not as often thought of as they perhaps should be, are Carbo animalis, Conium and Bromine; in all three the glands are stony hard with a cancerous tendency. In Bromine the pains are not characteristic, but with Conium and Carbo animalis they are lancinating, cutting or burning, more like cancer pains.
	
	In diphtheria, where it has done some wonderful work, the membrane first forms in the bronchi, trachea or larynx, running upward, just the opposite of Lycopodium, which often forms first in the nose and runs downward.
	
	In membranous croup, there is great rattling of mucus like Hepar, but no expectoration. There seems to be great danger of suffocation from accumulation of mucus in larynx (in bronchi, Ant. tart.).
	Sensation of cobweb in face. (Bar., Graph. and Borax).
	Fan-like motion of alæ nasi (Ant. t. Lycop.).
	Hypertrophy of heart from gymnastics (Caust.).
	Membranous dysmenorrhœa (Lac can.).


Bothrops Lan:


	https://nesh.com/the-new-england-journal-of-homeopathy/vol-8-no-2-fallwinter-1999/bothrops-lanceolatus-paul-herscu/
	https://www.herbs2000.com/homeopathy/bothrops.htm
	https://www.homeobook.com/bothrops-lanceolatus-a-deadly-snake-and-its-homoeopathic-utility/
	CLINICAL INDICATIONS: Day-blindness,Necrosis of bones,Gangrene,Haemorrhages,Malignant erysipelas,Purpura,Anthrax,Lungs congestion,Paralysis of tongue,Cerebro-vascular, thrombo-embolism,Pulmonary oedema
	
	MENTAL GENERALS
	    Confusion of mind.
	    Inability to articulate without any affection of the tongue.
	    Forgets words while speaking and word hunting
	    Makes mistakes while talking; using wrong words
	    Aphasia
	    Dreams of heart troubles and thrombosis
	    Dreadful dreams of suffering anginal attacks accompanied with a feeling of depression
	    The oppression is accompanied by feeling of apprehension which seems to start in stomach
	    There is extreme weariness, lassitude and sluggishness
	    Exhausting weeping from the shock of a fall

Hydrocyanicum Acidum.
	Clinical.─Angina pectoris. Asthma. Cholera Asiatica. Colic (horses). Convulsions. Dyspepsia. Epilepsy. Hemiplegia. 
	Hiccough. Labour, convulsions in. Stings. Stomach, catarrh of. Sunstroke. 
	Tetanus. Uræmic convulsions. Whooping-cough.
	depression
	Very great irritability; sadness; peevish temper: incapacity for labour.─Inability to think; memory enfeebled; aversion to all mental fatigue.

	1. Mind.─Depression; discouragement.─Anguish and oppression; anguish in the pit of the stomach; fear of imaginary ills.─Very great irritability; sadness; peevish temper: incapacity for labour.─Inability to think; memory enfeebled; aversion to all mental fatigue.─Could not remain in middle of road when a vehicle approached even at a considerable distance; was forced, as it were, against his will, to stand aside without waiting for it to come nearer (after recovery from poisoning).



	26. Sleep.─Frequent yawning, sometimes with shuddering and spasm of the skin.─Drowsiness, sometimes uncontrollable, or else after a meal; heavy sleep in the morning; continued inclination to sleep; coma vigil; 	somnolency.─Wakefulness; to sleep is difficult, almost impossible; frequent awakening.─Lively dreams, without connection; anxious, disquieting dreams, dreams of death.
	
Chelidonium:
	depression, coryza
	Clinical.─Antrum of Highmore, inflammation of. Cancer. Chest, affections of. Chorea. Constipation. Cough. Diarrhœa. Dyspepsia. Gall-stones. Gonorrhœa. Hæmoptysis. Hæmorrhoids. Headache. Influenza. Jaundice. Lachrymal fistula. Laryngismus. Liver, affections of. Nephritis. Neuralgia. Nose-bleed. Pleurodynia. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Scald-head. Stiff-neck. Taste, altered. Tumours. Warts. Whooping-cough. Yawning.

	13. Stool and Anus.─Mucous diarrhœa at night.─Stools white; bright yellow; like clay.─
	Constipation, stool hard, in hard lumps.─Some blood with stool.─Periodic straining and pressing on rectum, as if before a stool without result.─Burning; cutting; drawing; crawling and itching; sticking and itching in rectum and anus (hæmorrhoids).


Carbolic Acid:
	 Increased olfactory sensibility.
	 Very marked acuteness of smell is a strong guiding symptom.
	 Head.--Disinclined to mental work.
 	 Tight and stopped up.─Tickling, prickling, itching in nostrils.─Sense of smell very acute.─Ozæna, with great fetor and ulceration.
	 Face.-- Seems old and wrinkled. Puffy folds under eyes. Constant motion of facial muscles. Compression in zygoma. Heat, with desire to bathe it in cold water.

	10. Appetite.─Appetite lost.─Thirst with dry mouth and throat.─Desire for milk, which agrees; for sour things.─Aversion to cheese; to meat.─Prefers hot drinks, which >.─All complaints > after dinner.
	11. Stomach.─Hiccough.─Frequent belchings.─Eructations tasting like juniper berries.─Nausea with sensation of heat in stomach.─Bilious vomiting.─Gnawing in stomach relieved by eating.─Sensation of coldness in stomach.─Cutting pain in stomach when yawning; soon after eating.

Hekla lava:https://www.shi.ch/fileadmin/user_upload/hekla_lava.pdf


JUSTICIA ADHATODA: https://plankhomeopathy.com/blog/justicia/


Formica:
	Want of memory; in evening.─Indisposed, morose, fearful, apprehensive.─Exhilarated after pain in vertex abated.─Mind unusually excited.─Remarkable and unexpected activity of mind during the day, with absence of usual dulness and sleepiness.

Fluoricum acidum:
	Gay and cheerful. Aversion to business, to his own family. Hatred of people. Anxiety, causing sweat to break out. Irritable. Forgetful. Feeling as if menaced by danger.
	Respiratory.--Oppression of chest, difficult breathing, great dyspnœa. Hydrothorax.
	Skin.--Varicose veins.

Dulcamara:
	Mind.-- Delirium, during the pains at night and during the heat. Internal restlessness. Great impatience. Inclination to quarrel, with anger.
	Nose.--Dry coryza. Complete stoppage of nose. Stuffs up when there is a cold rain. Thick, yellow mucus, bloody crusts. Profuse coryza. Wants nose kept warm, least cold air stops the nose. Coryza of the new born.
	5. Nose.─Epistaxis of a very hot and bright red blood, with pressive pain above the nose.─Coryza; dry; with stoppage of the nose, < in cold air.


Theridion Curassavicum: 
	Time passes too quickly (too slowly, Argentum nitricum, Can. I., Nux moschata ).
	Chronic nasal catarrh; discharge thick, yellow, greenish, offensive ( Pulsatilla, Thuja ).
	Theridion Curassavicum  has Vertigo: on closing the eyes ( Lachesis, Thuja – on opening them, Tabacum; on looking upward, Puls, Silicea ); from any, even the least noise; aural or labyrinthine (Meniere’s disease).
	Nausea: from least motion, and especially on closing the eyes; from fast riding in a carriage
	For extreme nervous sensitiveness; of puberty, during pregnancy and climacteric years.
	Theridion Curassavicum has Great sensitiveness between vertebrae, sits sideways in the chair to avoid pressure against spine ([China s.]); < by least nose and jar of foot on floor.
	“In rachitis, caries, necrosis, it apparently goes to the root of the evil and destroys the cause.” – Dr. Baruch.
	
	
Terebinth:  https://homeopathybooks.in/keynotes-homeopathic-remedies/magnesia-carbonica/
	UTI, Kidney, urnine,Haemorrhages
	Worms: with foul breath, choking ( Cina, Spigelia ); dry, hacking cough; tickling at anus; ascarides, lumbrici, tapeworm segments passed.
	
Mag carb:
	Clinical.─Antrum of Highmore, affections of. Ascarides. Catarrh. Constipation. Cornea, opacities of. Cough. Deafness. Debility. Diarrhœa. Dyspepsia. Eyes, inflammation of. Hernia. Menorrhagia. Menstruation, delayed. Metrorrhagia. Nervousness. Neuralgia. Neurasthenia. Pregnancy, nausea of; toothache of. Spleen, pain in. Taste, disorded. Tinnitus. Toothache. Tumours.
	
	Spasmodic affections of stomach and intestines ( Colocynthis, Magnesium phos. ), increased secretion from mucous membranes.
	
	Magnesia Carbonica has Unrefreshing sleep, more tired on rising than when retiring ( Bryonia, Conium, Hepar, Opium, Sulphur ).
	
	Heartburn; sour, belching, eructations, taste and vomiting; of pregnancy.
	
	Neck and Back: ─Stiffness in nape of neck.─Stiffness in neck.─Tearing, and successive pullings, in nape of neck.─Shootings in loins.─Much pain in head and r. shoulder; pain as if dislocated on raising arm.─Contusive pains in sacrum and back, at night.─Pain in back and small of back at night, as if broken.	
	
	Generalities.─Painful sensitiveness of whole body.─Drawing and tearing in limbs.─Rheumatic pains in limbs.─Rheumatic pains in shoulders.─Neuralgic lightning-like pains.─Painful shocks in different parts.─Frequent falling, without loss of consciousness, when walking or standing.─Epileptic fits.─Dazed feeling, packs and unpacks her clothes on a journey, without consciousness of having done so.─Relaxation of whole body.─Lassitude, principally in feet, and when seated.─A short walk tires much.─Restlessness in the limbs, in the evening, after sitting a long time.─The symptoms manifest themselves, or are <, at night, and during repose.─The symptoms, which appear when in the sitting posture, are > by movement.
	
Mag mur:
	Menses: with great excitement at every speed; flow black, clotted; spasms and pains < in back when walking, extend into thighs; metrorrhagia, < at night in bed, causing hysteria ( Actea, Caulophyllum ).
	Great tendency of head to sweat ( Calcarea, Sanicula, Silicea ).


Abrontanum:
	brotanum Child is ill-natured, irritable, cross and despondent; violent, inhuman, would like to do something cruel. 
	
secale cornutum:

	Clinical.─Abortion, threatened. After-pains. Albuminuria. Anus, incontinence of; open. Asthenopia. Bladder, paralysis of. Boils. Carbuncles. Cataract. Chilblains. Cholera; infantum. Chorea. Convulsions. Cramps. Diabetes. Diaphragm, cramp in. Diarrhśa. Distortions. Dysphagia. Epilepsy. Epistaxis. Feet, cramps in; burning of; coldness of. Fibroma. Gangrene. Gastritis. Glands, swelling of; suppuration of. Goître. Hćmaturia. Hćmorrhages. Hemorrhagic diathesis. Heart, palpitation of. Hiccough. Hysteria. Impotence. Liver, enlargement of. Lochia, fetid. Lumbago. Menstruation, excessive. Metrorrhagia. Milk, suppressed. Miscarriage. Morvan's disease. Myelitis; diffusa. Nails, degeneration of. Neuralgia. Night-sweats. Numbness. Śsophagitis. Ovaries, tumours of. Paralysis; post-diphtheritic; spastic. Placenta, retained. Post-partum hćmorrhage. Pregnancy, false pains of. Purpura, Raynaud's disease. Small-pox, hemorrhagic. Spinal irritation. Stammering. Stomach, cancer of. Strabismus. Stricture, spasmodic. Thrombosis. Tongue, biting of. Typhoid. Ulcers. Uterus, inertia of; neuralgia of; prolapse.


	Eyes.--Pupils dilated. Incipient cataract, senile especially in women. Eyes sunken and surrounded by a blue margin.
	Face.--Pale, pinched, sunken. Cramps commence in face and spread over whole body. Livid spots on face. Spasmodic distortion.
	Back.--Spinal irritation, tingling of lower extremities; can bear only slightest covering. Locomotor ataxia. Formication and numbness. Myelitis.
	Female.--Menstrual colic, with coldness and intolerance of heat. Passive hæmorrhages in feeble, cachectic women. Burning pains in uterus. Brownish, offensive leucorrhœa. Menses irregular, copious, dark; continuous oozing of watery blood until next period. Threatened abortion about the third month (Sab). During labor no expulsive action, though everything is relaxed. After-pains. Suppression of milk; breasts do not fill properly. Dark, offensive lochia. Puerperal fever, putrid discharges, tympanitis, coldness, suppressed urine.

	Extremities.--Cold, dry hands and feet of excessive smokers with feeling of fuzziness in fingers. Trembling, staggering gait. Formication, pain and spasmodic movements. Numbness. Fingers and feet bluish, shriveled, spread apart or bent backwards, numb. Violent cramps. Icy coldness of extremities. Violent pain in finger-tips, tingling in toes.
	
	

Thlaspi Bursa :
	Thlaspi Bursa Pastoris  has Profuse passive haemorrhage from every outlet of the body; blood dark and clotted.
	Thlaspi Bursa Pastoris  Metrorrhagia: with violent cramps and uterine colic; in chlorosis; after abortion, labor, miscarriage; at climacteric; with cancer uteri ( Phosphorus, Ustilago ).
	Menses: too early; too profuse; protracted (eight, ten, even fifteen days); tardy in starting, first day merely a show; second day colic, vomiting, a haemorrhage with large clots; each alternate period more profuse.

	Haemorrhage or delaying menses from uterine inertia; exhausting, scarcely recovers from one period before another begins.

	Leucorrhoea: bloody, dark, offensive; some days before and after menses.

Ustilago:
	
Tussilago Petasites:
		Gonorrhoea. Headache. Lumbago. Night-sweat. Pylorus, affections of. Throat, sore. Tibia, pain in. Uvula, burning in.

Carbolic Acid:
	Carbolic Acid has Profound prostration, collapse; surface pale and bathed in cold sweat ( Camph., Carbo vegetabilis, Verbascum ).
	Putrid discharges from mouth, nose, throat, nostrils, rectum and vagina ( Anthracinum, Psorinum, Pyrogen ).

selenium:
	Mind.─Reveries of a religious and melancholy character.─Great loquacity; fond of conversing; esp. in evening.─Excessive forgetfulness, esp. in matters of business.─Great forgetfulness when awake, with distinct recollection during half sleep.─A kind of stammering; he uses syllables of words in wrong connections, therefore pronounces some words incorrectly.─Difficult comprehension.─Absolute incapacity to execute any business whatever.─Mental labour fatigues him.─Dread of society.
	Mind.--Lascivious thoughts, with impotency. Mental labor fatigues. Extreme sadness. Abject despair, uncompromising melancholy.
	
	Very forgetful in business, but during sleep dreams of what he has forgotten.
	Hair falls off, on head, eyebrows, whiskers, genitals.
	
	Constipation: stool large, hard, impacted so that it requires mechanical aid (Aloe, Cal., Sanic., Sep., Sil.); after serious illness, especially enteric fevers.
	Weak, easily exhausted; from either mental or physical labor; after typhoid, typhus, debauchery.
	Irresistible desire to lie down and sleep; strength suddenly leaves him; especially in hot weather.
	
Veratrum Viride:
	Acute rheumatism, high fever, full, hard rapid pulse, sever pains in joints and muscles ( Bryonia, [Salic. ac.]); scanty, red urine.
	Convulsions: dim vision; basilar meningitis; head retracted; child on verge of spasms.

	Cerebro-spinal diseases; with spasms, dilated pupils, tetanic convulsions, opisthotonos; cold clammy perspiration.

	Sunstroke, head full, throbbing of arteries, sensitive to sound, double or partial vision ( Gelsemium, Gloninum ).
	
Melilotus Alba:https://homeopathybooks.in/keynotes-and-red-line-symptoms-by-adolph-von-lippe/melilotus-alba-3/
	
		Mind.--Unable to fix mind. Memory treacherous. Stupor. Wants to run away and hide. Delusions; thinks every one is looking at her, fears to talk loud, and wants to run away, etc.
		Constipation: The passage is difficult and painful; the anus feels constricted and throbs (Bl.).
		
		“The provers all had fearful headaches and haemorrhages except Myself: (Bw.).
		
		VIOLENT CONGESTIVE HEADACHE (Aconite, Belladonna, Gloninum, Sanguinaria) (A.).
		GREAT CONGESTION TO THE HEAD, WITH PAIN AND SENSE OF FULLNESS (N.).
		INTENSE REDNESS (GLOWING REDNESS) OF THE FACE IN ASSOCIATION WITH HEADACHE. (Belladonna) (N.).
		
		Engorgement of blood-vessels in any part or organ (Aconite, Belladonna, Ferr-P.) (A.).
		
		Infantile spasms (Belladonna) (A.).
		
		Religious melancholy, with an intensely red face (A.).
		
Nux Mostacha:https://homeopathybooks.in/therapeutic-byways-by-anshutz-e-p/homeopathy-remedies-for-improving-memory/
	Some children, while apparently healthy and normal, do not learn to talk. Whether the fault is on the memory or not is unknown. Such cases have been cured by occasional doses of Nux moschata 30 or, at least, they began to talk shortly after receiving the drug. So says an old journal.
	
CALCAREA ARSENICOSA:
	Mind.--Anger, anxiety. Desire for company. Confusion, delusions, illusions. Great depression
		Delirium evenings in dark. θ Typhoid with albuminuria.
		Great depression of mind.
		Mind much depressed with great anxiety, about still greater evils in future. θ Albuminuria.
   
	Heart.--Constriction and pain in region of heart, suffocating feeling, palpitation, oppression and throbbing and pain in back extending to arms.
		Fleshy women at climacteric, slightest emotion causing palpitation. Dyspnœa, with feeble heart.
	
	Urinary.--Kidney region sensitive to pressure. Albuminuria, passes urine every hour.
		Nephritis, with great sensitiveness in kidney region.
	
	14. Urinary Organs.─Sensitive to pressure in kidney regions.─Frequent micturition; burning with scanty urine; albuminuria.

	16. Female Sexual Organs.─During pregnancy, bearing-down, prolapsus vaginæ.



Iberis:
	1. Mind.-Sad, down-hearted, oppressed, with desire to sigh.-Very irritable, with dulness of mind and lack of memory.-Nervous and irritable on rising in morning.-Feels as if frightened, an indefinable dread with trembling.-An excited, frightened feeling, with cold sweat on face.

	17. Respiratory Organs.-Tickling and dryness in larynx and throat, with hawking up of thin stringy mucus for many hours; > after eating.-Tightness and constrictive feeling in larynx.-Dyspnoea and palpitation on going upstairs.-Constant desire to draw breath without relief.-Respiration more frequent and laboured.

	18. Chest.-Slight pain under sternum, at articulation of third rib.-Fulness and constriction under sternum, with lancinating pain through chest.-Continued feeling of weight and anxiety in chest.-Fulness in chest, with fulness and heat in head and neck, and flushed face.

	19. Heart and Pulse.-Increased action of heart, full feeling in neck and head.-Palpitation: with flushed hot face and red eyes; with dull headache and flashes before eyes; with heaviness of head, roaring, slight nausea, on going upstairs.-Conscious of heart.-Palpitation, with vertigo and choking in throat after walking, and on entering house felt faint: tingling and numbness commencing in fingers of l. hand, gradually extending up arm, with irregular, tremulous, and not well-defined pulse; dull, heavy aching in l. arm.-Palpitation of heart on slight exertion (pulling down a window).-Palpitation plainly visible over whole chest, < by walking, > sitting still, but renewed by slightest exertion.-Increase of heart's action from 72 to 88, after fifteen minutes.-A wavy, tremulous sensation in radial artery, felt by finger, pulse intermitting every third beat, easily compressible.-Pulse has peculiar double beats, which seem to run into each other, full, soft, and easily compressed.-Pulse first weak and small, later full and strong; easily compressed; intermitting every third beat.-Much pain over base of heart with dull, heavy pain in l. arm, and tingling and numbness in tips of fingers.-Sensation of weight and pressure in region of heart, with occasional sharp, stinging pains, passing from before backwards; heart's action from 70 to 96.-Hypertrophy of heart.-Pulse rises from 60 to 94 after fifteen minutes, with slight pains in region of heart.-Pains darting through heart at night, in bed; < lying on l. side.-Dull, dragging pain in heart not > by any position nor by pressing with hand.-Sharp, sticking pain in heart, with constriction in throat, red eyes, flushed face.-Pain as if needle were crosswise in ventricles, and pricked at each contraction.-Constant dull pain in heart < lying down.-Distressing palpitation with increase of dull pain, caused by coughing, laughing, or slight exertion.

Tamus communis: 
	Clinical.-Chilblains.

ustilago:
	Generalities
      Corn-smut affects the female sexual organs; skin, hair and nails. Congestive, passive or slow bleeding or in clots; blood, dark, but watery. Dark haemorrhages. As of a knot; in uterus, bowels, throat etc. Loss of hair and nails. Prostration from sexual abuse. Adapted to tall, thin women; at climaxis.
	
	Mind
      Great depression of spirits. Weeps frequently.

	Male
	  Irresistible desire to masturbation. Erotic fancies. Emissions; every night and even when talking to a woman.	  

Argentum Met:
	Argentum metallicum Affects the cartilages, tarsal, ears, nose, Eustachian; the structures entering into joints.

	5. Nose.─Epistaxis, after blowing the nose, or preceded by itching and tickling in the nose.─Stoppage of the nose, with itching in the nostrils.─Violent fluent coryza, with frequent sneezing.─Flowing of purulent matter, mixed with clots of blood, from the nose.
	
	Exhausting, fluent coryza with sneezing.

	Throat.--Raw, hawking, gray, jelly-like mucus, and throat sore on coughing. Profuse and easy morning expectoration.
		Argentum metallicum has Hoarseness; of professional singers, public speakers ( Alumina, Arum triphyllum ).
		Total loss of voice of professional singers.
		Throat and larynx feel raw or sore on swallowing or coughing.
		Laughing excites cough ( Drosera, Phosphorus, Stannum ) and produces profuse mucus in larynx. Similar: to, [Stannum]  in cough excited by laughing.
		Great weakness of the chest ( Stannum ); worse left side.




	Respiratory.--Hoarseness Aphonia. Raw, sore feeling when coughing. Total loss of voice of professional singers. Larynx feels sore and raw. Easy expectoration, looking like boiled starch. Feeling of raw spot near supra sternal fossa. Worse from use of voice. Cough from laughing. Hectic fever at noon. On reading aloud, must hem and hawk. Great weakness of chest; worse left side. Alteration in timbre of voice. Pain in left lower ribs.


	Female.--Ovaries feel too large. Bearing-down pain. Prolapse of womb. Eroded spongy cervix. Leucorrhœa foul, excoriating. Palliative in scirrhus of uterus. Pain in left ovary. Climateric hæmorrhage. Sore feeling; throughout abdomen; worse by jarring. Uterine disease with pain in joints and limbs.
	
	Urine.--Diuresis. Urine profuse, turbid, sweet odor. Frequent urination. Polyuria.
		Prolapsus; with pain in left ovary and back, extending forward and downward (right ovary, [Palladium]); climacteric haemorrhage.

	
Jalapa:

	Characteristic Symptoms
      Several excessive, watery, often bloody, stools, with decrease of temperature and weak pulse.

	Therapeutics
      Chronic diarrhoea, six or eight stools a day, dark, offensive, like gruel, with much griping and some tenesmus, sudden, watery, with a little blood, much gas; tongue smooth, glazed, and dry.



	
	 
Epimedium Sagittatum Q:??	
Epimedium acuminatum:	
	Fatigue
		Epimedium is traditionally used for fatigue but it has not been studied in clinical trials.
	Osteoporosis
		A small randomized trial shows that Epimedium may help prevent bone loss in women who have had menopause for a long time.
	Sexual dysfunction
		Epimedium is traditionally used in herbal formulas for sexual dysfunction. More studies are needed to verify such effects.
		
		
		pyrogenum 200
		Mag phos
		collensonia 30, 1M
		ustilago 200
		heklava 30,1M
		Alteris Farinosa Q
		
		
		Selenium 1M
		
		
		
