Disarray:
    If people or things are in disarray, they are disorganized and confused.
        The nation is in disarray following rioting led by the military. 
    If things or places are in disarray, they are in a very disorganized state.
        She was left lying on her side and her clothes were in disarray. 
        Synonyms: untidiness, state, mess, chaos   More Synonyms of disarray

    the state of being confused and having no organization or of being messy:
        Ever since the oil crisis, the industry has been in (a state of) disarray.
        The news had thrown his plans into disarray.
        Her clothes were in disarray.

    1.  to throw into disorder or confusion; upset
    2.  Archaic to undress 
        
    NOUN    3.  an untidy condition; disorder; confusion
            4.  a state of disorderly or insufficient dress

Rogue:
    behaving in ways that are not expected or not normal, often in a harmful way:
        There have been rogue firms in the past which have ripped customers off.
        a rogue state

    a person, organization, or country that does not behave in the usual or acceptable way:
        Buzzy’s a fun-loving teenage rogue.

        adjective [ not gradable ] US  /roʊɡ/
            A rogue employee might tap into the computer.

    a person who behaves badly but who you still like:
        "Come here, you little rogue!" chuckled my uncle.
        The women all think he's a lovable old rogue.

    to start behaving in a way that is not normal or expected, especially by leaving your group and doing something dangerous:
        A Special Forces unit had gone rogue and was trying to free the hostage.
        Her latest novel is about an undercover government agent who appears to have gone rogue.
        But this is not your standard 'cop goes rogue' movie.
        The party leader had accused her of going rogue.
        One of the circus elephants went rogue and trampled several large props.

Mutt:
    a person who behaves in a silly or careless way:
        Come on you mutts, play harder!
    
    a mongrel

Mongrel:

    a dog whose parents are of different breeds
    used to describe something of mixed origin:
        Some people call English a mongrel language because it is a mixture of old German and French.
    
    NOUN
        1.  an animal or plant produced by the crossing of different breeds or varieties; esp., a dog of this kind
        2.  anything produced by indiscriminate mixture
    ADJECTIVE
        3.  of mixed breed, race, origin, or character often a contemptuous or derogatory usage

    1. a dog of mixed or indeterminate breed
    2. any animal or plant resulting from the crossing of different breeds or varieties
    3. any cross between different things, esp. if inharmonious or indiscriminate

    1  MONGREL [Adjective]دوغلا ۔ دو نسلی ۔ جس کی نسل ایک نہ ہو ۔  
    2  MONGREL [Noun]دوغلا ۔ دونسلا ۔ مَخلُوط النسل  
    3  MONGREL [Adjective]مونگریل ۔ دو نسلا ۔ دو غلا ۔ بالخصوص ایسا کتا جو دو نسلوں کے ملاپ سے پیدا ہوتا ہے ۔ 
    4  MONGREL [Noun]بدنسلا کتا ، دوغلا ، مخلوط النسل ، آدھا تیتر آدھا بٹیر ۔  
    5  MONGRELISM [Noun]دوغلے پن کی حرکت ۔

Pidgin:
    a language that has developed from a mixture of two languages. It is used as a way of communicating by people who do not speak each other's languages.

    English, French, etc. when it is spoken in a simple way by someone who does not speak that language well:
        "He come here?" he asked in pidgin English.

Synagogue
    a building in which Jewish people worship and study their religion
    Compare
        temple
    a building in which people of the Jewish religion worship and study

Indiscriminate:
    not showing careful choice or planning, especially so that harm results:
        an indiscriminate terrorist attack on civilians
        The indiscriminate use of fertilizers can cause long-term problems.

    not showing careful thought or planning:
        Cancer is completely indiscriminate in whom it strikes.

Words like "organic" and "natural" are used so indiscriminately that they are often meaningless.

1  INDISCRIMINATE [Adjective]بلاامتیاز ۔ بلا تفریق ۔ بے شعور ۔ بے اصول ۔ 
2  INDISCRIMINATE []گڈ مڈ ، غلط ملط ۔ 
3  INDISCRIMINATE [Adjective]بے اِمتیاز ۔ غیر اِمتیازی ۔ بے ربط ۔ بے ترتیب ۔ بے قید ۔  
4  INDISCRIMINATE [Adverb]اندھا دھند ۔ بلا امتیاز ۔ بلا تمیز ۔ بلا تفریق ۔ 
5  INDISCRIMINATELY [Adverb]بِلا تَمیز ۔ غیر اِمتیازی طور پر ۔ بے ربطی سے ۔ اندھا دُھند ۔  

Pop on:
    pop something on (British English, informal) ​to put on a piece of clothing. I'll just pop on a sweater and meet you outside

Faux:
    not real, but made to look or seem real:
        faux fur    
        a faux-brick wall
    Synonyms - fake,false,imitation

faux pas:
    words or behavior that are a social mistake or not polite:
        make a faux pas I made some remark about his wife's family, and then realized I'd made a serious faux pas.
    Synonyms - gaffe slip

    a remark or action in a social situation that is a mistake and causes embarrassment or offense:
        She made the faux pas of referring to Wales as “part of England.”

do a double take:


    to look at someone or something and then look again because you suddenly recognize him, her, or it or notice that something unusual is happening:
        I did a double take - I couldn't believe it was her.
Double Take:
    a delayed reaction to something unexpected, immediately after one's first reaction.
        "Tony glanced at her, then did a double take"

    a delayed surprised reaction at seeing someone or something:
        With her hair cut short and dyed red, I did a double take at first.
Lay off:
	discharge a worker because of economic conditions or shortage of work.
		"the company has laid off 30 percent of its staff"
	
	Similar: dismiss, let go, discharge, give notice to, pay off, release, make redundant, sack, give someone the sack, fire, send packing, give someone the boot, give someone the bullet, give someone the push, boot out, give someone their cards
	
	Opposite: take on, hire

	2. INFORMAL
	give up or stop doing something.
		"I laid off smoking for seven years"

	Similar: give up, stop, refrain from, abstain from, not continue, desist from, leave alone, cut out, quit, pack in, leave off, kick, give over, knock off

	Opposite: start, take up

3. SOCCER
	pass the ball to a teammate.
		"Jules laid the ball off to the striker"
	4. paint the final layer on a wall or other surface.
		"lay off the paint with very light brush strokes"
	5. (of a bookmaker) insure against a loss resulting from a large bet by placing a similar bet with another bookmaker.
		"the only way the dividends could possibly make sense was if the bookmaker had laid off the bet"


supple, nimble
high-sounding, high-flown, pretentious
FINAGLE 
	to get or achieve something by guile, trickery, or manipulation.
	to soften; to ease, or lessen.
	to entertain with something that delights.
----------------------------------------------------
What does TOOTHSOME mean?
	appealing to the mind or to reason; convincing.
	biting; caustic; sarcastic.
	pleasing to the taste; palatable.
	
----------------------------------------------------
Spar:
	verb: spar; 3rd person present: spars; past tense: sparred; past participle: sparred; gerund or present participle: sparring
	
	make the motions of boxing without landing heavy blows, as a form of training.
		"one contestant broke his nose while sparring"
	
	engage in argument, typically of a kind that is prolonged or repeated but not violent.
		"mother and daughter spar regularly over drink, drugs, and career"
	
	Similar: quarrel, argue, have a row/fight, row, fight, disagree, fail to agree, differ, be at odds, have a misunderstanding, be at variance, fall out, dispute, squabble, brawl, bicker, chop logic, wrangle, bandy words, cross swords, lock horns, be at each other's throats, be at loggerheads, scrap, argufy, spat, have a spat, altercate
	
	(of a gamecock) fight with the feet or spurs.

	noun: spar; plural noun: spars
	1. a period or bout of sparring.
	
	2. INFORMAL a close friend.
		"Buster was his spar and he didn't want to let him down"
		
		
Let Alone:
	Let alone is used after a statement, usually a negative one, to indicate that the statement is even more true of the person, thing, or situation that you are going to mention next.
	[emphasis]
	It is incredible that the 12-year-old managed to even reach the pedals, let alone drive the car.

	used to indicate that something is far less likely, possible, or suitable than something else already mentioned.
		"he was incapable of leading a bowling team, let alone a country"

	1.  to refrain from bothering or interfering with : also leave alone
	2.  not to speak of
		we hadn't a dime, let alone a dollar
	3. not to mention
		He was too tired to walk, let alone run
		they can't afford a meal out, let alone a holiday
		I can't afford wine, let alone champagne
Stint:
	A stint is a period of time which you spend doing a particular job or activity or working in a particular place.
		He is returning to this country after a five-year stint in Hong Kong.	
	Synonyms: term, time, turn, bit   More Synonyms of stint

	verb
	supply an ungenerous or inadequate amount of (something).
		"stowage room hasn't been stinted"
		
	1.  to restrict or limit to a certain quantity, number, share, or allotment, often small or scanty
	2.  Archaic - to stop
	3.  to be sparing or grudging in giving or using
	5.  restriction; limit; limitation
	6.  Rare
		a limited or fixed quantity, allotment, share, etc.
	7. 
		a.  an assigned task or quantity of work
		b.  a specified period of time spent doing something
		
	SIMILAR WORDS:  task

	noun 
	1. a person's fixed or allotted period of work.
		"his varied career included a stint as a magician"

	Similar: spell,stretch,period,time,turn,run,session,term,shift,tour of duty,watch

	2. limitation of supply or effort.
		"a collector with an eye for quality and the means to indulge it without stint"
indulge:

	​[transitive] to be too generous in allowing somebody to have or do whatever they like
		indulge somebody (with something) 
			She did not believe in indulging the children with presents.
			His questions were annoying but it was easier to indulge him than try and protest.
		
		indulge something:
			Her father had always indulged her every whim.

	​[intransitive] indulge in something to take part in an activity, especially one that is illegal
 
	​[transitive] indulge something to satisfy a particular desire, interest, etc.
		The inheritance enabled him to indulge his passion for art.
		In the closing lines, the poet indulges his sense of irony.

	[intransitive, transitive] to allow yourself to have or do something that you like, especially something that is considered bad for you
		indulge in something They went into town to indulge in some serious shopping.
		She has never been one to indulge in gossip.
		She was free to indulge in a little romantic daydreaming.
		indulge yourself (with something) I indulged myself with a long hot bath.
		For a special treat, indulge yourself with one of these luxury desserts.

	If you indulge in something or if you indulge yourself, you allow yourself to have or do something that you know you will enjoy.
		Only rarely will she indulge in a glass of wine. 
		He returned to Ohio so that he could indulge his passion for football. 
		
	If you indulge someone, you let them have or do what they want, even if this is not good for them.
		He did not agree with indulging children. 
		Synonyms: spoil, pamper, cosset, baby   More Synonyms of indulge
		
	1. (when intr, often foll by in)
		to yield to or gratify (a whim or desire for)
		to indulge a desire for new clothes
		to indulge in new clothes
	2. (transitive)
		to yield to the wishes of; pamper
		to indulge a child
	3. (transitive)
		to allow oneself the pleasure of something
			he liked to indulge himself in his favourite pastime
	4. (transitive) business
	to allow (a debtor) an extension of time for payment of (a bill, etc)
	5. (intransitive) informal
	to take alcoholic drink, esp to excess		
		
	1.  to yield to or satisfy (a desire); give oneself up to
		to indulge a craving for sweets
	2.  to gratify the wishes of; be very lenient with; humor
	3.  Archaic
		to grant as a kindness, favor, or privilege	
	4.  to give way to one's own desires; indulge oneself (in something)		
	
	INTRANSITIVE VERB
	1. (often fol. by in)
		to yield to an inclination or desire; allow oneself to follow one's will
			Dessert came, but I didn't indulge
			They indulged in unbelievable shopping sprees

	TRANSITIVE VERB
	2. to yield to, satisfy, or gratify (desires, feelings, etc.)
		to indulge one's appetite for sweets
	3. to yield to the wishes or whims of; be lenient or permissive with
		to indulge a child
	4. (usually fol. by in)
		to allow (oneself) to follow one's will
		to indulge oneself in reckless spending
	5. Commerce
		to grant an extension of time, for payment or performance, to (a person, company, etc.) or on (a bill, note, etc.)		
Spree:
	If you spend a period of time doing something in an excessive way, you can say that you are going on a particular kind of spree.
		Some people went on a spending spree in December to beat the new tax.
		
	1. a lively frolic or outing
	2. a bout or spell of drinking to intoxication; binge; carousal
	3. a period, spell, or bout of indulgence, as of a particular wish, craving, or whim
		an eating spree
		a spending spree
	4. a period or outburst of extreme activity
		Our basketball team went on a scoring spree and won 114 to 78
	1. a session of considerable overindulgence, esp in drinking, squandering money, etc
	2. a romp		
wretched:
	1. ADJECTIVE [ADJ n]
		You use wretched to describe someone or something that you dislike or feel angry with.
	[informal, feelings]
		Wretched woman, he thought, why the hell can't she wait? 
	2. ADJECTIVE
		Someone who feels wretched feels very unhappy.
	[formal]
		I feel really confused and wretched. 
		Synonyms: unhappy, depressed, distressed, miserable   More Synonyms of wretched
		
	ADJECTIVE
		1.  deeply distressed or unhappy; miserable; unfortunate
		2.  characterized by or causing distress or misery; dismal
			wretched slums
		3.  poor in quality; very inferior
			a wretched meal
		4.  contemptible; despicable
		
Slay:
	slew, slain
		Albert Bowers, 18, Henry Long, 19, and Jessie Cole, 18, were last week cleared of murder much to the slain cop's family's dismay.
	
	kill (a person or animal) in a violent way.
		"St. George slew the dragon"	
	greatly impress or amuse (someone).
		"you slay me, you really do"

	INFORMAL
		greatly impress or amuse (someone).
			"you slay me, you really do"
	Similar: amuse greatly,convulse with mirth/laughter,entertain greatly,make someone laugh,make someone crack up,kill,knock dead,be the death of,wow,be a hit with,crease up
		be extremely impressive, stylish, or successful.
			"she slayed in a jumpsuit"
		
		Slay can mean “to kill a person or animal,” “to make someone laugh,” “to have sex with someone,” or “to do something spectacularly well,” especially when it comes to fashion, artistic performance, or self-confidence.			
Lunge:
	a sudden forward movement
	to move forward suddenly and with force, especially in order to attack someone:
		He suddenly lunged at her with a broken bottle.
		
	a sudden forward movement:
		He made a lunge for the ball.
	 
	an exercise in which you step forward with one leg and bend your knees:
		They were doing squats and lunges.
		
	to move forward with sudden force:
		The goalkeeper lunged at the ball and knocked it away.
		
Back down:
	withdraw a claim or assertion in the face of opposition.
		"the contenders backed down from their original pledge"
	an act of backing down.
		"ministers have avoided sounding triumphal about the association's backdown"		
Spruce:
	LANGUAGE NOTE:  
		Spruce is both the singular and the plural form.
	1. VARIABLE NOUN
	A spruce is a kind of evergreen tree.
		Trees such as spruce, pine, and oak have been planted. 
		...a young blue spruce. 
	2. ADJECTIVE
		Someone who is spruce is very neat and clean in appearance.
			Chris was looking spruce in his stiff-collared black shirt and new short hair cut. 
		Synonyms: smart, trim, neat, elegant   More Synonyms of spruce
		
		an evergreen tree (= one that never loses its leaves) with leaves like needles, or the pale-colored wood from this tree
		(of a person) tidy and clean in appearance:
			He looked spruce and handsome in a clean white shirt.
Spruce up:
	If something is spruced up, its appearance is improved. If someone is spruced up, they have made themselves look very smart.
Gratitude:
	a strong feeling of appreciation to someone or something for what the person has done to help you:
		Many of his patients gave works of art to Dr. Klein in gratitude.

	These are words often used in combination with gratitude.
	debt of gratitude:
		I owe a debt of gratitude to my many language consultants over the years for their help in understanding tone and reduplication in their languages.
	
	deep gratitude:
		I would like to express my deep gratitude to them both for their permission.
	
	expression of gratitude:
		His speech was a brief expression of gratitude to the organisers.
		
Two-timing Someone:

	to deceive someone you are having a relationship with by having a secret sexual relationship with someone else at the same time:
		I ended the relationship when I found out he was two-timing me.
		It was only after I’d finished with him that I learned he had been two-timing me all along.
		
Let someone down:
	to disappoint someone by failing to do what you agreed to do or were expected to do:
		You will be there tomorrow - you won't let me down, will you?
		When I was sent to prison, I really felt I had let my parents down.
		
Romp:
	INTRANSITIVE VERB
	Journalists use romp in expressions like romp home, romp in, or romp to victory, to say that a person or horse has won a race or competition very easily.
		Mr. Foster romped home with 141 votes.

	When children or animals romp, they play noisily and happily.
		Dogs and little children romped happily in the garden. 
	Synonyms: frolic, sport, skip, have fun   More Synonyms of romp
	
	6. a quick or effortless pace
		The work was easy, and he went through it in a romp

	a funny, energetic, and often sexual entertainment or situation:
		The newspaper headline was "Bishop Caught In Sex Romp!"
		
	to play or run in a happy, excited, and noisy way:
		The puppy and children romped together in the yard.
	 
	To romp is also to succeed or win easily:
		The unbeaten Charlottesville Crackers romped past the Beantown Beanies 68-26.		

	something that, in a noisy way, makes you feel happy and excited:
		The film is a comic romp.
	 
	A romp is also an easy victory over an opponent:
		Nothing could stop his romp to the nomination.		
		
Romp Through:
	If you romp through something, you do it or deal with it quickly and easily.
		He had romped through the maze of questions with unexpected ease
	VERB
	(intr, preposition) informal
	to progress quickly and easily through something
		he romped through the work
		
Romp home:
	romp home/romp in
	in British English
		to win a race easily
		
Irony:
	[uncountable, countable] the funny or strange aspect of a situation that is very different from what you expect; a situation like this
	It was one of life's little ironies.
		the irony (is) that… The irony is that when he finally got the job, he discovered he didn't like it.
	Extra Examples
		It is a nice irony that the Minister of Transport missed the meeting because her train was delayed.
		The ultimate irony is that the revolution, rather than bringing freedom, actually ended it completely.
		There is a certain irony in the situation.
		
	the use of words that say the opposite of what you really mean, often as a joke and with a tone of voice that shows this
		‘England is famous for its food,’ she said with heavy irony.
		There was a note of irony in his voice.
		She said it without a hint/trace of irony.		
		He thanked us all without a touch of irony.
		She congratulated him with gentle irony.
		She tried to ignore the heavy irony in his voice.
		His writing is rich in irony.		
		
Call someone your rock:

	When someone tells you "you're my rock," it typically means that you are a source of strength and support for them.
	
	
Pilates:
	a system of exercises using special apparatus, designed to improve physical strength, flexibility, and posture, and enhance mental awareness.
	"this quest for better training has led many dancers to Pilates"
	
Mechanic:
	1.	a person who repairs and maintains machinery.
		"a car mechanic"
	
	Similar:,technician,engineer,artificer,repairman,serviceman,greaser,mech,grease monkey,
	
	a manual laborer or artisan.
		"the Mechanics' Institute"
		
	the way something works or happens:
		He knows a lot about the mechanics of running a school.
		
	the study of the effect of physical forces on objects and their movement:
		He wanted to get a better understanding of the mechanics of his sport.
Artisan:

reduplication:

	the process of repeating a sound or part of a word to create a new word, or the word that is created:
		reduplication of English speakers often form new words through reduplication of a base word, usually with just a slight change of sound, for example "super-duper" or "easy-peasy."
		
	the process of repeating an action or making a copy of something:
		He justified making replicas of his painting, saying that "the reduplication of my work, by my own hand, should be esteemed the most reliable."
		The simple reduplication of the kanji for "tree" gives us the kanji for "wood."
		Washo employs partial reduplication to mark plurality in nouns.
		Gene amplification is the reduplication of a gene.
		
Uninhibited:
	ADJECTIVE
	If you describe a person or their behavior as uninhibited, you mean that they express their opinions and feelings openly, and behave as they want to, without worrying what other people think.
		...a bold and uninhibited entertainer. 
		The dancing is uninhibited and as frenzied as an aerobics class. 
		Synonyms: unrestrained, uncontrolled, unchecked, free   More Synonyms of uninhibited
	
Courgette (koo-jet):
	a long, thin vegetable with a dark green skin. It is a type of small marrow.
	
Pull Along:
	pull along heavily, like a heavy load against a resistance
		“She pulled along a large trunk”
		
	synonyms:schlep, shlep
	types:
		tow
			drag behind
		tug
			tow (a vessel) with a tug
		type of:
			drag
			pull, as against a resistance
			
pass over someone/something:
	to ignore or to not give attention to someone or something:
		They passed Sal over for promotion.
	to ignore or not give attention to someone or something:
		pass sb over for a job/position/promotion The woman alleges that her employers passed her over for promotion because she was pregnant.
		
			
pass someone by

	If an event or opportunity passes you by, you do not notice it, or get any pleasure or advantage from it:
		Do you ever feel that life is passing you by?
		
	if an event or opportunity passes you by, you do not notice it or get pleasure or an advantage from it:
		We mustn't let this opportunity pass us by.
		
Run something past someone:		
	To present it to them for their opinion or reaction, as: 
		‘I'd like to run these figures past you.’ ...

Elucidate:
	to explain something or make something clear:
		I don't understand. You'll have to elucidate.
		The reasons for the change in weather conditions have been elucidated by several scientists.
	Synonyms clarify (EXPLAIN)explain
	
	to explain or make clear:
		[ T ] I hope my book will elucidate the complex issues we face.
		

by all means:
	idiom
	used to give permission:
		"May I borrow this book?" "By all means."
		
	yes, certainly:
		"Could I have a glass of water, please?" "By all means – I'll get it for you."
		
Elusive:
	difficult to describe, find, achieve, or remember:
		The answers to these questions remain as elusive as ever.
		Success, however, remained elusive for her.
		elusive memories
		
Stoic:
	noun: stoic; plural noun: stoics; noun: Stoic; plural noun: Stoics
	1. 	a person who can endure pain or hardship without showing their feelings or complaining.
	2. 	a member of the ancient philosophical school of Stoicism.

	adjective: stoic; adjective: Stoic
	1. another term for stoical.
		"a look of stoic resignation"
	2. 	of or belonging to the Stoics or their school of philosophy.
		"the Stoic philosophers"

	determined not to complain or show your feelings, especially when something bad happens to you:
		We knew she must be in pain, despite her stoic attitude.
		He showed a stoic resignation towards his fate.
		Local people were stoical about the damage caused by the hurricane.		

	1  STOIC [Noun]رواقی ۔ یونانی فلسفی زینو کا چیلا 
	2  STOIC [Noun]فلسفی زینو کے پیرو ۔ زینو کا مقولہ تھا کی انسان کو چاہیے کہ نیک کام اور خوشی اور رجن کے احساس کے احساس سے بالاتر ہو ۔ 
	3  STOICAL [Adjective]مُسرت و درد ۔ غیر جزباتی ۔ دُکھ سُکھ کے مُعاملے میں بے اندیش و بے نیاز 
	4  STOICAL [Adjective]رنج ومسّرت سے بالاتر ۔ ضابطہ اور مستقل مزاج ۔ 
	5  STOICALLY [Adverb]ضبط یا اِستقلال سے 

Stoic Resignation:
	Stoic means not showing emotion about an event or situation that you didn't want to happen. Resignation, in this context, means not being happy about a situation, and not really accepting it, but acknowledging that you can't do anything about it.

Uptight:
	2.  overly conventional or strict
	3. stiffly conventional in manner or attitudes
	worried or nervous and not able to relax:
		Don't get uptight about the exam - just do your best.
		
	nervous, anxious, or worried:
		I was really uptight about the interview, but it went fine.
	

	1  UPTIGHT [Adjective]غُصے میں اینٹھا ہوا ۔ اعصابی کھچاوٴ میں مُبتلا ۔ کٹّر روایت پسند ۔ 
	2  UPTIGHT [Adjective](روز مرّہ ) عمدہ ،بہت اچھا ، تنا ہوا ، کھینچا ہوا ۔ 
		
Presumptuous:
	Bold
	
	
	1  PRESUMPTUOUS [Adjective]گُستاخ ، شوخ ، مغرور ، بے باک ۔  
	2  PRESUMPTUOUS [Adjective]گمان یا احتمال سے بھرا ہوا ۔ 
	3  PRESUMPTUOUS []شوخ دیدہ دلیری کا ۔ 
	4  PRESUMPTUOUSLY [Adverb]بے باکانہ ۔ بے ادبانہ گستا خانہ ۔  
	5  PRESUMPTUOUSNESS [Noun]تکبر ۔شوخ چشمی ۔ بے باکی ۔ گستاخی ۔ 

Scramble for:

	scramble for (something)
	1. To attempt to reach something or some place in a jostling, tumultuous hurry or panic.
		Shoppers flooded the shop during its huge sale, scrambling for anything they could get their hands on.
		Everyone scrambled for the exits when the fire alarm went off.
	2. To attempt to achieve, acquire, or secure something in a great rush or panic.
		After the huge success of the innovative new product, tons of other companies have been scrambling for their own version.
		We were left scrambling for a new general manager after Tom resigned very suddenly.
		
	scramble for someone or something
		to push and struggle to get to someone or something. 
			All the teenagers scrambled for the rock star but couldn't catch him. 
			The children scrambled for the candy as it fell from the pinata.		
			
Fluff:
	small, loose bits of wool or other soft material:
		There's a piece of fluff on your jacket.
	to fail to do something successfully:
		I had a great chance to score but I fluffed it.
		
Battered:
	strike repeatedly with hard blows.
		"a prisoner was battered to death with a table leg"
		
	Similar:,pummel,pound,rain blows on,buffet,belabour,thrash,beat up,abuse,hit,strike,beat,smack,assault,attack,thump,lash,aim blows at,whack,clout,wallop,bash,clobber,bop,biff,sock,deck,plug,knock about,knock around,give someone a good hiding,lay into,lace into,do over,rough up,damage,injure,hurt,harm,impair,mar,spoil,destroy,demolish,crush,shatter,smash,ruin,total,trash
	
	subject (one's spouse, partner, or child) to repeated violence and assault.
		"the loss of his baby turned him into a domineering bully who battered his partner"
		
	censure, criticize, or defeat severely.
		"he was battered at times by critics"
		
	a semi-liquid mixture of flour, egg, and milk or water, used for making pancakes or for coating food before frying.
		"pancake batter"
		
	NORTH AMERICAN
		a mixture of ingredients for a cake.
		
	2. 	PRINTING
		a damaged area of metal type or a printing block.
		
	(in various sports, especially baseball or cricket) a player who is batting.
		"the replay goes into a slow-motion view and zooms in on the batter as he hits a ball out"
	a gradual backwards slope in a wall or similar structure.
		"the batter is an inch in for every foot of height"
	verb
	verb: batter; 3rd person present: batters; past tense: battered; past participle: battered; gerund or present participle: battering
	(of a wall) have a receding slope.
	
Recede:

	1. go or move back or further away from a previous position.
		"the floodwaters had receded"
		
	Similar:,retreat,go back,move back,move further off,move away,withdraw,ebb,subside,go down,abate,fall back,sink,retrocede
	
	Opposite:,advance,approach
	
	(of a facial feature) slope backwards.
		"his chin receded sharply from his lower lip"
	
	ARCHAIC: withdraw from (a promise or agreement).
		"he felt no inclination to recede from the agreement into which he had entered"
	
	2.(of a quality, feeling, or possibility) gradually diminish.
		"the prospects of an early end to the war receded"
	
	Similar:,diminish,lessen,grow less,decrease,dwindle,fade,abate,subside,ebb,wane,fall off,taper off,peter out,shrink,de-escalate,Opposite:,grow,intensify
	
	3.(of a man's hair) cease to grow at the temples and above the forehead.
		"his dark hair was receding a little"
	
	(of a man) begin to go bald.
			"Fred was receding a bit"
	
	(of a facial feature) slope backwards.
		"his chin receded sharply from his lower lip"


Play a joke on someone:
	Reference: https://www.oysterenglish.com/idiom-play-a-joke-on-someone.html
	to do something to make someone feel embarrassed or dumb


	Example sentences
		— My friends played a joke on me pretending I wasn't invited to a party and I was in tears.
		— My boyfriend always plays jokes on his friends but he gets really upset when they do the same to him.
		— We played a joke on my sister by putting salt in the sugar dish.
		— This time, please don't play any jokes on your grandmother while she's here.
		— My brothers are always playing jokes on my sister and I but we got them back today.
		— My co-workers played a joke on me by wrapping my entire desk in plastic wrap and aluminum foil.
		— We're playing a joke on Samantha by pretending we forgot her birthday but we've planned a huge surprise party for her this evening.
		— I'm sorry that hurt your feelings, we were just trying to play a little joke on you. 


	Synonyms
	poke fun at someone
	play a trick on someon
	
	to confuse someone or cause problem for them:
		I thought I heard something - my ears must have been playing tricks on me.
		Fate played a cruel trick on him when he was injured in his first game.
		
Sporadic:
	Sporadic occurrences of something happen at irregular intervals.
		...a year of sporadic fighting over northern France. 
		The sound of sporadic shooting could still be heard. 
		Synonyms: intermittent, occasional, scattered, isolated   More Synonyms of sporadic
	sporadically ADVERB [ADVERB with verb]
		The distant thunder from the coast continued sporadically. 
		He attends school sporadically. 
Meander:
		
	Word forms: plural, 3rd person singular present tense, 3rd person singular present tense meanders, present participle meandering, past tense, past participle meandered
	1. VERB If a river or road meanders, it has a lot of bends, rather than going in a straight line from one place to another.
		...roads that meandered round the edges of the fields. [VERB preposition/adverb] 
		A rural single railway track meanders through the valley. [VERB preposition/adverb] 
		The small river meandered in lazy curves down the centre. 
		We crossed a small iron bridge over a meandering stream. [VERB-ing] 

	[Also VERB]
	Synonyms: wind, turn, snake, zigzag   More Synonyms of meander

	2. COUNTABLE NOUN: A meander is a large bend in a river.
	3. VERB: If you meander somewhere, you move slowly and not in a straight line.
		We meandered through a landscape of mountains, rivers, and vineyards. [VERB preposition/adverb] 
		It's so restful to meander along Irish country roads. [VERB preposition/adverb] 
	[Also VERB] 
	
	4. VERB: If a speech, account, or piece of writing meanders, it seems to move from one topic to another without any order or purpose.
		His talk appears to meander but by the end focuses attention on the true state of affairs. [VERB] 
		...a rich and meandering novel. [VERB-ing] 
		
Quip:
	
	to say something clever and amusing
	 ‘Giving up smoking is easy, ’ he quipped. ‘I’ve done it hundreds of times.’
	
	—quip noun [countable]
		an amusing quip
	→ See Verb table
	Examples from the Corpus
		• Beyond the quipping, Dole presented sharp contrasts in style with Clinton.
		• ``It's the 40th anniversary of my 29th birthday, " quipped Reagan.
		
on the nail
	a) British English: if you pay money on the nail, you pay it immediately
	b) especially American English: completely correct
		They got it absolutely on the nail.

	Examples from the Corpus
	on the nail
	• I bet they paid their £1.80 on the nail when they got the magazine.
	• The Tories got it absolutely on the nail.
	• The first one mounted the runway and briskly walked its length, barefoot on the nail points.
	• She brought the hammer down on the nail.
	• The lavatories also had a birthday, and Dad left ours unlocked with plenty of fresh newspaper on the nail.
	• Not paying on the nail could be extremely expensive.
	
innards:
	the organs inside a person or animal, or the inside parts of a machine
	Synonyms
		entrails viscera specialized
	
	the inner organs of a person or animal, or the inside parts of a machine:
		the innards of radios
		frogs’ innards
		
viscera:

	the large organs inside the body, including the heart, stomach, lungs, and intestines
	Synonyms
		entrails innards informal
	Compare
		guts
		
Modus Operandi:
	A modus operandi is your usual way of doing things. If your modus operandi is to pretend to have no money to get your friends to buy your ice cream, they already know what you are about to say.
	
	A characteristic way of doing something can be described with the Latin phrase modus operandi, like a friend whose modus operandi is to get rides instead of taking the bus. Your usual method of working is also a modus operandi, like your habit of waiting to study until the night before a test. The police often use the term modus operandi, or M.O., to mean the recognizable methods of a specific criminal.
	
	an unvarying or habitual method or procedure
	synonyms:routine
	
	formal (abbreviation M.O.) a way of doing something that is typical of a particular person or group
	
	• Such a modus operandi would be a severe task for an experienced campaigner, let alone a novice like Forbes.
	• Life can not possibly function without scale and levels of being; they are part of its modus operandi.
	• It also gave the opening for reaching a more satisfactory modus operandi with the Writers' Union.
	• Its typical modus operandi is not to bid but threaten effectively to liquidate the trust, a vote of corporate hara-kiri.

Modus Vivendi:	
	noun a manner of living that reflects the person's values and attitudes
	synonyms:life style, life-style, lifestyle
	see more
	noun a temporary accommodation of a disagreement between parties pending a permanent settlement
	
Can't see the wood for the trees / not be able to see the wood for the trees:
	PHRASE
	If someone can't see the wood for the trees in British English, or can't see the forest for the trees in American English, they are very involved in the details of something and so they do not notice what is important about the thing as a whole.

Chignon (she-ni-on):
	a woman's hairstyle where the hair is arranged in a knot or roll at the back of her head
	
	A chignon is a temporary swelling caused by a build-up of bloody fluid left on an infant's head after they have been delivered by vacuum extraction.
	
Plain and hilly terrain:
	A plain is an area of flat land. Rolling refers to land with lots of gentle ups and downs, without steep slopes or jagged, irregular features. 
	So a rolling plain is an area of mostly flat land with some gentle, undulating slopes.


Play up:

	phrasal verb of play
	1. emphasize or exaggerate the extent or importance of something.
		"the mystery surrounding his death was played up by the media"
	Similar: emphasize,put/lay emphasis on,accentuate,bring/draw/call attention to,focus attention on,point up,underline,underscore,highlight,spotlight,foreground,feature,give prominence to,bring to the fore,heighten,stress,accent
	
	2. INFORMAL•BRITISH (of a child) misbehave.
		"I hadn't had much sleep—the kids had been playing up"
	
	fail to function properly.
		"his phone line was constantly playing up"
	Similar: not work properly,be defective,be faulty,malfunction,act up,give trouble,be/go on the blink

	(of a part of the body or an illness) cause pain or discomfort to someone.
		"my rheumatism's playing me up"
	Similar: 	be painful,hurt,ache,be sore,cause pain,cause discomfort,cause trouble,annoy,kill someone,give someone gyp

	3. BRITISH put all one's energy into a game.
		"the captain told his team to play up"
		
Newt:
	a small slender-bodied amphibian with lungs and a well-developed tail, typically spending its adult life on land and returning to water to breed.
	
trombone:
	a large, brass musical instrument that you play by blowing into it and sliding a U-shaped tube in and out to change the length and produce different notes:
		The main orchestral brass instruments are the horn, trumpet, trombone, and tuba.
	
	a long, brass musical instrument with a U-shaped piece that is slid in and out of the main part of the instrument to vary the notes and played by blowing into it, or this type of instrument generally; a horn
	
	1  TROMBONE [Noun]تُرم بُلَند ۔ تُرم بون ۔ ایک قِسم کا بَڑا تُرم یا بِگل جِس کے ساتھ یُو شَکَل کا چھوٹا سا ٹُکڑا لَگا ہوتا ہے ۔  
	
Plume (ploom):
	a large feather:
		The bird's brow plumes are twice the size of its body, forming willowy horns.
		fans made of ostrich plumes
	a decoration that looks like several large feathers tied together, worn by soldiers on their hats or attached to horses' heads:
		The coffin was drawn by horses with black plumes.
		
	a plume of dust, smoke, etc.
 	a tall, thin mass of smoke, dust, or similar substance that rises up into the air:
		After the explosion, a plume of smoke could be seen in the sky for miles around.
		
		
	a long, large feather:
		She wore a hat with a tall white plume.
	 
	A plume of something like smoke, steam, or dust is a long mass of it that rises up into the sky:
		A black plume of smoke rose from the ship.
		
Alpaca:
	a long-haired domesticated South American mammal related to the llama, valued for its wool.
	the wool of the alpaca.
		"a mixture of wool, alpaca, and silk"
	fabric made from alpaca wool.
		"an alpaca jersey"
		
Mascot:
	a person, animal, or object that is believed to bring good luck, or one that represents an organization:
		a team mascot
		The Olympic Games always have an official mascot.
	a person, animal, or object used as a symbol and believed to bring good luck:
		Their team’s mascot is a goat.
		
	: a person, animal, or object adopted by a group as a symbolic figure especially to bring them good luck. 
		the team had a mountain lion as their mascot.

Homecoming Queen:
	(US) In colleges and high schools, a young lady chosen by her peers to "reign" over the traditional activities associated with the Homecoming football game.
	
Ploy:
	something that is done or said in order to get an advantage, often dishonestly:
		Ryan meets his roommate Hunter, aka Steve, a self-described ladies' man with countless elaborate (and unsuccessful) ploys for sleeping with women.
		There are various ploys we can use if necessary.
		[ + to infinitive ] He only said he had a meeting as a ploy to get her to leave.
	
	something that is done or said, often dishonestly, in order to get an advantage; a trick:
		a marketing ploy
	
	1  PLOY [Noun]مشغلہ ۔ مہم ۔ چالبازی ۔ 
	2  PLOY [Noun]مشغلہ ، کام ، مُہم ۔  
	
Willowy:
	A person who is willowy is tall, thin, and graceful.
		Synonyms: slender, slim, graceful, supple   More Synonyms of willowy
		
rendezvous (ra'n-di-voo):
	an arrangement to meet someone, especially secretly, at a particular place and time, or the place itself:
		We have a rendezvous for next week, don't we?
		The lovers met at a secret rendezvous in the park.
	 
	a place where a particular group of people often go or meet, by arrangement or habit:
		This restaurant is a popular rendezvous for local artists.

delectable:
	looking or tasting extremely good, and giving great pleasure:
	a delectable cheesecake
	
	delicious, delightful, scrumptious
	
Gullible:
	easily deceived or tricked, and too willing to believe everything that other people say:
		There are any number of miracle cures on the market for people gullible enough to buy them.
		
	easily persuaded to believe something; credulous.
		"an attempt to persuade a gullible public to spend their money"
	
	Similar:credulous,over-trusting,over-trustful,trustful,easily deceived/led,easily taken in,exploitable,ripe for the picking,dupable,deceivable,impressionable,unsuspecting,unsuspicious,unwary,unguarded,unsceptical,ingenuous,naive,innocent,simple,inexperienced,unworldly,green,as green as grass,childlike,ignorant,foolish,silly,wet behind the ears,born yesterday,Opposite:,cynical,suspicious

malleable (m'a-li-able): 

	easily influenced, trained, or controlled:
		He had an actor's typically malleable features.
		Europe saw its colonies as a source of raw material and a malleable workforce.
		
	easily influenced, trained, or controlled:
		Mother wanted me to be a malleable girl who would take her advice.
		
	A substance that is malleable is easily bent and shaped.

	(of a metal or other material) able to be hammered or pressed into shape without breaking or cracking.
		"a malleable metal can be beaten into a sheet"
		
	easily influenced; pliable.
		"they are as malleable and easily led as sheep"
		
Pleading with someone:
	To plead with someone is to try to convince them to see it your way. Your kids may plead with you to let them go on the super-huge outrageous roller coaster built in 1968, but you know better.
		Russell then calls Holly, telling her that Everett is a dangerous man responsible for the disappearance of multiple women and pleading with her to escape somehow.
		
See a whole new side of someone:
	Emma and the other guests have a good time there, and she sees a whole new side of Patrick, who had been repulsive to her so far. 
	
Repulsive:
	Emma and the other guests have a good time there, and she sees a whole new side of Patrick, who had been repulsive to her so far.
	If you describe something or someone as repulsive, you mean that they are horrible and disgusting and you want to avoid them.
		...repulsive fat white slugs. 
	Synonyms: disgusting, offensive, foul, ugly   More Synonyms of repulsive
	
	repulsively ADVERB [ADVERB adjective]
		...a repulsively large rat. 
		
	A repulsive force is a force which pushes away what is around it.
	[technical]
		The repulsive force within the nucleus is enormous. 
		
		
	causing a feeling of strong dislike; very unpleasant
	synonym disgusting
		a repulsive sight/smell/habit
		What a repulsive man!
	1. causing or occasioning repugnance; loathsome; disgusting or distasteful
		a repulsive sight
	2.  tending to repel, esp by coldness and discourtesy
	3.  physics
		concerned with, producing, or being a repulsion
		
	ADJECTIVE
	1. causing repugnance or aversion
		a repulsive mask
	2. capable of causing repulsion; serving to repulse
		to present enough repulsive force to keep the enemy from daring to attack
	3. tending to drive away or keep at a distance; cold; forbidding
		arrogant, repulsive airs to frighten the timid
	4. Physics
		of the nature of or characterized by physical repulsion

	SYNONYMS
	1. loathsome, disgusting, offensive, distasteful.

Amicably:

	without arguments, legal action, or unpleasant behaviour:
		I hope we can settle this amicably.
		The marriage did not end amicably.
	 
	in a pleasant and friendly way:
		The image shows him chatting amicably with his old rival.
	See
	Amicable
		The player and his coach parted amicably in 2016.
		There was gossip about a nasty feud, but insiders insist he left the company amicably.
		It is our intention to settle these claims amicably.
		The lunch went very amicably.
		She has always behaved amicably towards me.
		
confide:
	to tell something secret or personal to someone who you trust not to tell anyone else:
		[ + that ] He confided (to her) that his hair was not his own.
		[ + speech ] "My husband doesn't know yet, but I'm going to leave him," she confided.


	to tell something secret or personal to someone whom you trust not to tell anyone else:
		[ I ] As sisters, they have always confided in each other.
		[ + that clause ] She confided that most of her clients were actors.
		
Impeccable:
	perfect, with no problems or bad parts:
		impeccable taste/manners/credentials
		His English is impeccable.
	
	impeccably 	adverb [ not gradable ] US  /ɪmˈpek·ə·bli/
		She was always impeccably dressed.	
		
	Synonyms
	faultless - approving
	flawless, immaculate, approving, perfect (WITHOUT FAULT), unblemished, untarnished (REPUTATION)
	
	perfect
		perfectWe had the perfect summer beach holiday.
		faultlessThey gave a faultless performance.
		flawlessShe has a flawless complexion.
		immaculateHe writes in immaculate prose.
		impeccableHis English is impeccable.
		idealThe book is ideal for children aged between four and six.

charlatan:
	After leaving Willie's apartment, Sam comes across charlatan Oda Mae Brown's psychic reading parlor, where she works with her sisters.
	a person falsely claiming to have a special knowledge or skill.
		"a self-confessed con artist and charlatan"
		
Sap: 
	After Molly calls the police, Oda Mae lets Sam possess her body and he slow-dances with Molly, unaware that using her body saps his energy.
	1. VERB 	If something saps your strength or confidence, it gradually weakens or destroys it.
		I was afraid the sickness had sapped my strength. [VERB noun] 
		Analysts say the recession has sapped investor confidence. [VERB noun] 
	Synonyms: weaken, drain, undermine, rob   More Synonyms of sap
	2. UNCOUNTABLE NOUN 	Sap is the watery liquid in plants and trees.
		The leaves, bark and sap are also common ingredients of local herbal remedies. 
	Synonyms: juice, essence, vital fluid, secretion   More Synonyms of sap
	
Swing something at someone:
	In desperation, Carl swings a metal hook at Sam before trying to escape through a window.
	
	to try to hit someone or something:
		They were arguing, and then I saw him swing at Brian.
		
	take a swing at
	in American English
		to strike or attempt to strike with the fist
			to take a swing at the man
		
Swing around:
	to turn around quickly, or to turn something or someone around quickly:
		She heard a sudden noise behind her and swung around to see who was there.

	to turn quickly to face another direction:
		Juan swung around to look at her.
