https://homeopathybooks.in/essentials-homoeopathic-therapeutics/headache-9/
HEADACHE
by W.A. Dewey
Dewey gives the common homeopathy remedies for the treatment of Headache in an easy question-answer format. …

Give he symptoms of Belladonna in headache.

The pain in worse on right side and worse in. the frontal region, aggravated by lying down. There is a great deal of throbbing, the pain sometimes being of a stabbing, sharp character, driving the patient almost wild; greatly aggravated by light noise or jarring. There is apt to be a red face accompanying the headache.

Give three differentiating symptoms between Sanguinaria and Belladonna in Headache.

Belladonna has not head, more throbbing, flushed face, and cold feet.

Belladonna is relieved by being propped up in bed, while Sanguinaria has relief from lying down.

Belladonna has not so marked, the pain coming up over the head from the occiput, and Sanguinaria is more useful in the gastric form.

Give the symptoms of Sanguinaria in Headache.

Genuine sick headache pain beginning in morning and in the occiput, crosses up over the head and settles in. the right eye. The patient can neither tolerate noise nor light and only sleep religious. When the pain is at its acme there is vomiting. The vomited matter consists of food and bile. Temporal veins distended.

What is the Headache of Iris versicolor?

Periodical headaches with intense throbbing, supraorbital pains, and accompanying the headache there is temporary blindness. At the height of the headache vomiting occurs, vomited matter being bitter or sour, or both. It is especially a remedy for headache of school teachers, college professors and students. the Hemicrania commencing with blurring of vision.

What is the Headache of Spigelia?

Spigelia holds the same relation to the left side of the head that Silicea does to the right side. The pains settle over the left eye and are neuralgic in character. The pains are apt to follow the course of the sun, beginning in the morning, reaching he acme at noon, and generally subsiding at sunset. There is a sensation as if the head were open along the vertex. Worse from noise, jar or thinking.

What drug has a pain in the back of the head as if it were alternately opening and closing?

Cocculus

What are some other symptoms of Cocculus in Headache?

The headache is in. the occipital region in lower part of the back of the head and in the nape of the neck. It is one of our principal headache remedies when in the occipital region. Vertigo is a marked symptom.

Mention some other remedies useful for occipital Headaches.

Gelsemium, Juglans cathartica, Bryonia, Petroleum, Carbo veg. and Nux vomica.

What is the Headache of Silicea?

The Silicea headache is a nervous headache, and it is caused by excessive mental exertion. It is supra-orbital and worse over right eye. Worse from noise, motion or has and better from wrapping the head up warmly.

The pains come up from back of the neck into the head.

How does the Headache of Menyanthes compare here?

It commences at nape and comes up over head, there is a bursting pain as if the skull would burst head, there is a bursting pain as if the skull would burst open. Pressure, rather than warmth, relieves; worse by going up stairs, when there is a sensation of eight on vertex.

What is the difference between the Headache of Silicea and the Headache of Argentum nitricum?

The headache of Argentum nitricum is better from wrapping the head up, not so much from the heat as from the pressure. The difference is that while heat relieves Silicea headache, pressure relieves Argentum nitricum headache.

Mention some other symptoms of Argentum nitricum in Headache.

There is a sensation as if the head were enormously large, and it is accompanied with much vertigo. The pains increase to such a degree that the patient almost loses her sense.

Give the Headache of Melilotus alba.

It is a headache which almost drives the patient frantic. There are intense throbbing pains through the head. It seems as if the brain would burst throat e forehead. It is especially full in congestive variety of headaches.

What is the Headache of Cinchona?

Headache with violent throbbing of the carotids; head feels as though skull would burst; sensation as if brain beat in waves against skull; Anaemia headache.

How does this compare with the Belladonna Headache?

The headache and throbbing of carotids so characteristic of Belladonna is due to hyperaemia, while under Cinchona it is an anemic condition.

What drug has the sensations as if the vertex were pressed asunder and the patient must hold it together?

Carbo animalis.

What is the Headache of Paris quadrifolia?

A headache of spinal origin and a sensational s if the head were immensely large.

What is the Headache of Theridion?

A sick headache, especially in hysterical women where the great key-note is sensitiveness to noise, nausea and aggravation from motion. The headache is apt to be periodical and over the left eye, throbbing and shooting.

What is the Headache of Mix vomica?

It is headache due to gastric troubles, and it occurs in the morning. the headache is either in the occiput or over one or the other eye, and is often associated with vomiting of food and violent retching; also a bilious occipital headache. Headache of high livers; thing those who use alcohol to excess, often associated with constipation and haemorrhoids.

What drug has a Headache as from beating of little hammers in the head and worse from moving the head or eyeballs?

Natrum muriaticum.

What is the Headache of Sepia?

It is a sharp pain in the lower apart of the brain which shoots upward. The the patient can bear neither light nor noise. It is usually accompanied with uterine discharges and often and nausea and vomiting. Headaches relieved by sleep or violent motion.

Give headache of Carbolic acid.

A feeling of fullness, mostly on the frontal region, and especially supra-orbital. Sometimes with pain in the eyeballs. This fullness may become excessive, progressive to unconsciousness even Aramaic or apoplexiform in character.

What is the Headache of Gelsemium?

Dull, heavy ache with heavy eyelids. It commences in the nap, passes over the head and distills in an eye;l worse in. the morning, relieved by a discharge of urine; the patient is listless and stupid, the face is far red, appears as if under the influence of liquor; there is also a feeling of a band around the head.

Mention some other drugs having this last symptom.

iodine, Mercury, Carbolic acid and Sulphur.

What other drugs have headaches relieved by copious urination?

Aconite, silicea, Veratrum album and Ignatia.

What drugs have Headaches with partial blindness?

Gelsemium, natrum mur., Iris versicolor,Causticum, Psorinum and Silicea.

What are the head symptoms of Ignatia?

Heaviness in the head as if contested, relieved by stooping; the is a pain as if a nail were driven into the parietal or occipital region; cleaves hystericus; the headache ends in vomiting or in a copious discharge of pale urine. It is aggravated by smoking or smelling tobacco.

What drugs have a sensation as if a nail were being driven into the occiput?

Thuja and Coffea.

What drug has a Headache as though a nail were being driven into the vertex or one or the other frontal eminence?

Thuja.

Give headache of Bryonia.

The pain begins in the occiput or else in the forehead and goes back to the occiput. It is worse in morning and is aggravated by any motion. Each movement or motion of the eyeballs aggravates the pain. Splitting frontal headache extending backward and down neck, shoulders and beck.

What other drug has a headache with soreness of the eyeballs when moving?

Gelsemium.

How do Spigelia, Silicea and Carbo veg. compare with Bryonia?

Spigelia. Pain darting from behind, from and through left eyeball.

Silicea. Pain coming up from the nape of the neck through the occiput and over the vertex, and so down upon the forehead.

Carbo veg. Dull heavy pain extending through the base of the brain from the occiput to the supra-orbital region.

What is the Headache of Ipecac?

It is a headache of rheumatic origin, with a sensation as if the bones of the head were crushed or bruised. This crushed or bruised sensation extends to the root of the tongue and is accompanied with deathly nausea and vomiting

What is the Headache of Cimicifuga?

There is a sensation as if the top of the head would fly off. there are sharp. lancinating pains in and over the eyes, shooting up to the top of the head. Under this remedy we have also a sensation as if the brain were moving in waves and a sharp pain extending from the occiput to the frontal region, as if a bolt were being driven through the head.

What is the Headache of Glonoine?

Throbbing headache, which may be in any part of the head. It seems as if the blood-vessels would burst, and every throb of he heart increases the pain.

Give the general differences between Glonoine and Belladonna.

The differences are these; Glonoine is relieved from uncovering; the headache is worse from bending the head backward; is relieved in the open air; cannot keep still; must walk about; no flushing of the face. Belladonna is worse from uncovering; better from being the head backwards; worse in the open air, and better by holding the head stool; face flushed.
